+++
title = "Faster Workflow with Testdriven Development"
date = "2022-04-12"
updated = "2023-01-29T12:07:00Z"
+++

*(english only)*

**Link:** [2022.pycon.de/program/ADRKQZ](https://2022.pycon.de/program/ADRKQZ/)

## Original Text

> In this talk I will show you, that TDD is in fact not a process for testing, but a helpful way of developing, taking away a lot of the annoying "lets open the application and see if this still works" part of development.
> 
> After this talk you will know how to apply TDD to your workflow and use it to your benefit. We will clean up the popular misconception, that TDD is a technique for testing and will have a working prototype at the end.


## Addendum

In this talk I showed how to do a minimal url shortener with fastapi/pytest and in style of TDD. It was almost succesful, as I did not expect so many questions ;).

In general I was **far** too nervous to do a good job, and even though people complimented me, I think I could have done a much better job!

Learning for me: 1h 30min was too little time to dive deep into the TDD methodology. 2h would have been perfect. 

My own expectation to improve this after I changed jobs with a lot of new stuff to learn.


## Will there be a proper course?

Most likely, but for non conference usage I would rather do a more intense 2-4h course where I'd also cover issues like database migration and deployment.


## But can I see it?

Yes, if you must :D. But beware: My english was very rusty as I haven't spoken english about 1-2 years before that. I'm super glad it got better again with my new job :)


{{ youtube(id="_6AaG-cgMjk", class="youtube") }}
